[2018-06-21]
Have Removed the rear point on the maps and moved the bases to the middle second nodes.
Have also widened the map to its previoues width (11N).

Have made a taller map (5N and highest).

[2018-06-20]
Have reduced the recursive retreat percentage to 60.
Have also added an 80% max on surviving forces in the initial retreat.
Have reduced combat losses taken during successful captures to 60%, from 100%.

Have extended the gamemaster in order to create a 'hotseatmaster' in order to allow for multiple people to play on one client.
The game is still technically client-server, but the server now changes what player number the client is during the turnOver(next turn function).
Also found a new opening move! :)

Added a contextual tooltip to the game.
It shows the power of an attack, as well as the total strength of a node post reinforcement;
Note: It doesn't work with the tourch screen very well.

Added a dynamic node connection map drawer, to dynamically draw the connections between the nodes.
It works REALLY well. I'm very happy with it. :)

-> Matt approved of the new sound direction. Balence seems ok for now. More test cases require.

Have added a new graphic for the starting nodes.
Added a game over panel, and have set inplay into false post endgame status.
Added a leave button to the game over screen.

[2018-06-19]
New mechanics are completely unbalenced. Need reworking again today.
Flank is too powerful, needs a reduction in bonus. 
Encapsulated the flank mechanic as it's own function (should have in the first place)
Reworked Combat losses to remove rounding bug caused int casts;
Added new flank calcualtion to the captured failure equations, as I have forgoten to do so.
- Halfed the percentage gain on the flanking system.

Reworking Reinforce system. New system has no downside. 
Node recieces half the strength of the neighbouring nodes. 
Flank bouns does Not Apply.

Rework on retreat system again. Percentage of surviving troops now based on the attack/defence ratio.
Each node now gets 20 percent of the survivors, meaning an encapsulation recieves all the survivors.

-> Post meeting with matt
Have implemented a sound effect system using sound effects taken from youtube. 
If a take node was neutral, it plays the reinforce sound effect.
If a battle occurs that you are not a part of, the stalemate battle effect plays

Have also added a looping backing track system. Three songs that change over time.
Matt has conviced me that music is not important or even needed. Also that the sfx are to grand.

Have re-done all the sfx to be more muted and board-game like.
Have also added a new sfx for take neutral nodes, the most common sound in the game.

Switched out the old soundtrack for a more relaxing one, based on nature and the japanese flute.
I should give a more relaxed, and wisen feel to the game.

[2018-06-17]
Reworked the retreat system to uses a recursive distribution algorythum.
Now the back nodes can recievde some of the retreating troops.
Matt found an error in the node connections. Fixed it.
Reworked the old flank mechanic into a multiplication based on, to as to remain relevant in mid to late game.
Also reworked the combat losses system to take into account the added power of the new flank system.

 #New Flank System: Attack power is increased by 10% (non-compound) for every extra attack direction.
 #New Combat Losses System: Strength is now Attack Power decreased by 10% (non-compound) for every 2 extra attack directions.

[2018-06-16]
Starting a logbook of all actions take in the development of "Fortify".
This shoud hopefully help me keep trak of changes goiong forward.

List of mechanic changes:
- Players can reinforce a node they control with strength from adjacent nodes they also control, as there move for the turn.
- If a node is lost, a percentage of that nodes strength is distributed across the losers other nodes.
- If an attack fails, the attacked node loses strength equal to half the strength that was attacked with.

Project Rundown: A 'chess-like' stratagy game, with a hexagon tile grid. Tiles refered to as nodes.
Nodes have an owner and a strength. Players start with one node on oposite ends of the board.
Players can attack nodes adjacent to there nodes. 
If the sum of the strength of the surrounding nodes controlled by the attacker is greater that the strength of the defending node, the attacker takes control of the node.
First to take the opponents starting node wins.